assets/minecraft/textures/entity/iron_golem/iron_golem_crackiness_high.png textures/entity/iron_golem/
assets/minecraft/textures/entity/iron_golem/iron_golem_crackiness_low.png textures/entity/iron_golem/
assets/minecraft/textures/entity/iron_golem/iron_golem_crackiness_medium.png textures/entity/iron_golem/
assets/minecraft/textures/entity/projectiles/spectral_arrow.png textures/entity/arrow/
assets/minecraft/textures/entity/rabbit/caerbannog.png textures/entity/rabbit/
assets/minecraft/textures/particle/damage.png textures/particle/
assets/minecraft/textures/particle/flash.png textures/particle/
assets/minecraft/textures/particle/nautilus.png textures/particle/
assets/minecraft/textures/entity/illager/illusioner.png textures/entity/illager/
assets/minecraft/textures/entity/zombie_villager/profession/armorer.png textures/entity/zombie_villager2/professions
assets/minecraft/textures/entity/zombie_villager/profession/butcher.png textures/entity/zombie_villager2/professions
assets/minecraft/textures/entity/zombie_villager/profession/cartographer.png textures/entity/zombie_villager2/professions
assets/minecraft/textures/entity/zombie_villager/profession/cleric.png textures/entity/zombie_villager2/professions
assets/minecraft/textures/entity/zombie_villager/profession/farmer.png textures/entity/zombie_villager2/professions
assets/minecraft/textures/entity/zombie_villager/profession/fisherman.png textures/entity/zombie_villager2/professions
assets/minecraft/textures/entity/zombie_villager/profession/fletcher.png textures/entity/zombie_villager2/professions
assets/minecraft/textures/entity/zombie_villager/profession/leatherworker.png textures/entity/zombie_villager2/professions
assets/minecraft/textures/entity/zombie_villager/profession/librarian.png textures/entity/zombie_villager2/professions
assets/minecraft/textures/entity/zombie_villager/profession/mason.png textures/entity/zombie_villager2/professions
assets/minecraft/textures/entity/zombie_villager/profession/nitwit.png textures/entity/zombie_villager2/professions
assets/minecraft/textures/entity/zombie_villager/profession/shepherd.png textures/entity/zombie_villager2/professions
assets/minecraft/textures/entity/zombie_villager/profession/toolsmith.png textures/entity/zombie_villager2/professions
assets/minecraft/textures/entity/zombie_villager/profession/weaponsmith.png textures/entity/zombie_villager2/professions